Problem statement
Using paperwork in medical practice increases the risk of data getting lost and increases human labour. 
Creates loopholes in medical history and can be detrimental for the patient. The process of scheduling 
appointments can be confusing and can be a hassle. It is also impossible for doctors to keep a track of 
vaccination record of kids for whom missing their doses can prove to be fatal in the longer run. 
To tackle this, we aim to create a website to make patient record easily accessible and make the process streamlined and seamless. 
This is designed for medical professionals and medical institutions to organise data and keep track of patients diagnosis.
Easier to track progress. We aim to make the paperwork redundant. We will create a section dedicated to kids so that doctor scan keep track 
of children’s vaccine records. Diseases are usually interlinked so it is easier to keep track of diagnosis done by other doctors (Internal hospital system).
There is also a dearth of accurate data that can be used for scientific study. The website provides a systematic dataset for such research and can go a long way in studying patterns and coming up with newer medicines.

Solution:
1. We would create a website that medical professionals and institutions can log in to and access the data of their patients.
2. The database would have generic details of each patient like date of birth, gender ,age , photograph, signature etc. These details would be linked to an unique id assigned to each patient. If the patient is not 18+ then their guardian details would also be included.
3. The database will have a separate section for vaccination record of kids . The general section will further have 4 sections :Diagnosis, Prescription, test reports and billing history.
4. The specially designed vaccination section will be used to track their vaccination progress.it will have a checklist to facilitate fast updation. Doctors will be able to update the digital virtual vaccination card.
5. Per day appointment section doctor specific which will help doctor track their daily schedule.
6. All doctors of the institutions will have the password to access the data of patients.
7. All the sections will be sorted date wise. Billing details section will have additional section indicating bank account details.
